{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
	$Id: INSTALL 17509 2007-11-28 22:55:00Z jimg $\
\
Updated for version 3.7.10 of the OPeNDAP DAP 3.1 library software.\
\
Installing the DAP2 library to an Intel based Mac OSX Machine\
\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
INSTALLING\
REQUIREMENTS\
NOTES\
\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
INSTALLING\
\
  To install the libdap libraries simply double click on the libdap .pkg\
  file included in the disk image (.dmg file). You will need root access in\
  order to install this package, as it is in stalled in the /usr root\
  directory. Follow the directions and the software will be installed.\
\
  The following files are installed onto your machine:\
    * Under /usr/lib\
	* libdap dynamic and static libraries\
	* libdapclient dynamic and static libraries\
	* libdapserver dynamic and static libraries\
    * Under /usr/bin\
	* dap-config - if building against libdap use this script to\
	  determine the location and version of libraries, include\
	  directories, and build options.\
	* getdap - executable to read a DAP2 response from a URL or a file\
    * Under /usr/include/libdap\
	* all includes required to build clients and servers using libdap\
    * Under /usr/share/aclocal\
	* libdap.m4 - m4 configuration file for using libdap with function\
	  AC_CHECK_LIBDAP\
\
AFTER INSTALLING\
\
  o Set the PATH environment variable to include the bin directory where\
    libdap was installed. For example, if using the default installation\
    directory, which is /usr, make sure that /usr/bin is on your\
    path. This is important because often libdap is built so that some other\
    software can then be built, but without setting PATH, those other\
    packages might not detect the newly installed libdap.\
\
  o Set the LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable to include the lib directory\
    where libdap was installed. For example, if using the default\
    installation directory, which is /usr, make sure that\
    /usr/lib is part of LD_LIBRARY_PATH.\
\
REQUIREMENTS\
\
  o The library uses libcurl and libxml2. You will need these libraries\
    installed on your system to successfully use libdap. You must have\
    libcurl version 7.10.6 or newer and libxml2 2.5.7 or newer. We provide\
    source versions of the packages on the web site; the web pages for these\
    projects are: http://curl.haxx.se/ and http://xmlsoft.org/. Modern Linux\
    and recent OS/X distributions include these libraries.\
\
  o To build new code using libdap libraries and includes you should have\
    gcc/g++ 2.95.x or greater (really, you should probably be using gcc/++\
    4.x, but you _can_ use 2.95 on our code). You'll also need to get the\
    stdc++ library that matches the compiler (whatever version).  NB: gcc\
    2.8.x and earlier *won't* build the software. We're working on modifying\
    the software so that it will build with a variety of compilers.  As of\
    11/28/07 we have built the code using GNU gcc/++ 3.2.1, 3.3, 3.4, 4.0\
    and 4.1.\
\
NOTES\
\
  o Check for other INSTALL.* files to see if there's information specific to\
    your OS (e.g., AIX).\
    \
  o DEBUGGING AIDS\
\
    - The DAP API includes the following debugging aids that may be of help\
      to you in developing new OPeNDAP applications.\
\
    - DBG: simple program instrumentation -- see the file debug.h.\
\
    - DBG2: more elaborate program instrumentation -- by convention this is\
      used for output that is half a page or more, while DEBUG is used for\
      single line output.\
\
    - To build with program instrumentation use `--enable-debug=<level>'\
      where <level> is 1 or 2.}